think about it there must be a higher
love
last one girly girls ashley
oh she's titties
[Music]
yeah hi ashley
it's jade here from little mix oh my
gosh hi
hi hi oh my god hi you're all right
[Music]
i'm such a big fan of little mix i i'm
literally obsessed with little mix i
love them so much
and they seem so funny like hilarious
but um you know i'm so nervous
especially i'm singing one of their
songs
i think it's definitely a bit of extra
pressure oh
my god i love you guys so much how are
you outside
nervous are you no excited don't be
nervous and tell us about your singing
journey
i've always sang ever since i was really
young my family always telling me to be
quiet but
they sing as well so sometimes they're
joining in and at school as well i'm
always singing even when maybe i
shouldn't be if the teachers are
listening
well i'm excited to hear you sing are
you ready i hope so
yeah you are
[Music]
with two sugars in it high heels of my
jewelry dripping drinking i get all
fired
up in school but i'm working with it
many things i could get rid of ain't
about to give it up
i made a few mistakes
[Music]
foreign
is really good
he could afford to ice me a woman like
[Music]
me
actually i was so impressed that song
is one of the hardest songs i think of
ours to sing yeah like we know that
firsthand
and your lower register is so good thank
you so much
yeah to go from there to there and just
now everything
was really really impressive thank you
so much
yeah wow the only criticism i would have
is sometimes i felt you were a little
bit stiff with your movement yeah
i feel like that's something you can
work on like your vocal ability you
can't teach that to people
because that's a gift like you've got it
you're really really strong thank you so
much
it really means mean a lot decision time
easily for me the best vocal i've heard
today wow
i love your voice big fat yes
oh my god thank you so much man yeah i
think your voice is going to lend
really good qualities to the group so
it's a definite yes for me
[Music]
yeah i can't wait to see what you bring
to the next stage
it's definitely a yes four yeses
congratulations thank you so much
[Applause]
[Music]
you